Release v0.24.0 (#3052)
pipe-cd/pipe: docs/content/en/blog/releases/v0.24.0.md

date: 2022-01-14
description: >
 Release v0.24.0
---

## Changelog since v0.23.0

### New Features

Label concept has been introduced. Labels are key/value pairs that are attached to PipeCD objects such as Application, Deployment. For application, its labels can be specified via `labels` field in the application configuration file. Labels are intended to be used to add identifying attributes of objects and it give us more control on grouping, filtering as well as managing access control in the future.

* Application Labels are now being displayed in application list and detail pages. ([#3011](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipe/pull/3011))
* Filtering deployments by Labels is now available ([#3000](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipe/pull/3000))
* Filtering applications by Labels is now available ([#2987](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipe/pull/2987))

### Deprecated Features

Environment concept has been deprecated. Please use Label instead.

* Disable the ability to add environment from control-plane ([#3049](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipe/pull/3049))
* Environment field has been removed from application registration form ([#3049](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipe/pull/3051))

> Deployment configuration file has been deprecated. Please use Application configuration file instead, it has the same layout but with some new field such as `name`, `description` and `labels`. By using this new config file, all application information can be stored and managed only in your Git repository. Basically, a deployment configuration file can be migrated to be an application configuration file just by adding the missing fields, but you can also use this prepared `pipectl` command to migrate a bunch of your files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment configuration file has been deprecated. Please use the Application configuration file instead, it has the same format but with some new fields such as `name`, `description`, and `labels`. By using this new config file, all application information can be stored and managed only in your Git repository. Basically, a deployment configuration file can be migrated to be an application configuration file just by adding the missing fields, but you can also use this prepared `pipectl` command to migrate a bunch of your files.
```

Author: Applied!
